what's up you guys welcome to today's
video so it's not going to be a normal
vlog I'm going to be doing a review of
the Jim shark seamless leggings and
sports bras I purchased the lilac color
I'm just reading for my email the lilac
color and the beet color in both the
leggings and in the sports bra so I got
the Jim shark energy seamless sports bra
and beat the sports part and lilac the
high waisted leggings like the
full-length ones in lilac and also in
beats so I'm going to be reviewing them
for you and just tell you my thoughts on
them so it's gonna be kind of casual I'm
not gonna do anything fancy we'll start
just with the sports bra and I'll show
you like what I have on and then hold up
one leg for demonstration so this one
actually ended up going through the
dryer on accident yesterday and I did
notice they it got a little it did get a
little bit smaller it shrunk a little
bit obviously it's not supposed to go
through the dryer and then on the front
the lettering like barely started to
crackle like right down here barely at
all but obviously if you throw in the
dryer like over time that is going to
get worse and worse just something that
I noticed that I wanted to mention but
overall I think the fit and the style is
great it is a 30 what is it like a $38
like or sports bar or something none of
the prices are on my email but I want to
say it's like 38 and then the leggings
or maybe 58 my total was 184 and it gave
me free 1 to 3 day shipping so I ordered
them the day that they launched like the
minute that they launched and I got them
like three days later in the mail I
didn't pay extra for that I just got
them that soon so one thing I did notice
um is that while I really like the front
I also like the back of the sports bra
but it does feel
like kind of cheap this material feels
like a sports bra like the back of it
feels like a sports bar you could get it
forever 21 not the front I would compare
the front to like a thicker target
sports bra like a little bit nicer this
is what the back of this one looks like
these do move like if you wanted to move
it out like that you could they don't
adjust so keep that in mind but if you
like if you move the strap out a little
bit it does kind of yank this up just
like a tiny tiny bit and if you move
into the middle it like let's a drop
just a little smidge I'm also super
flat-chested and the extra small does a
great job of giving me like a little bit
of cleavage I'm you know pretty much an
a-cup I got an extra small in this and I
also got an extra small in everything
and I'll go ahead and stand up and show
you the leggings like I said going to be
super casual I'm not gonna do anything
like totally fancy to show you the
leggings this is just like my personal
opinion of them so again these are the
extra small these were the lilac ones
and they did come with like little
built-in underwear which I very quickly
cut out and I guess we're gonna see if
there's SWAT proof I won't really know
until I watch the video back but I did
do like day in these and I didn't like I
filmed myself and I didn't have a
problem in them but like I said I did
cut out the underwear lining I remember
people saying like you can totally get
away with having that in there like
mm-hmm
no you can see it I also don't
understand why they made it like a full
brief like a full piece of underwear
like if you're gonna wear underwear with
leggings why would it be normal
underwear and not a thong so that you
don't have a seam like I don't
understand I don't want her thinking I
don't know any girl that does wear under
oath leggings but I'm sure I'm sure
there are a ton of people who do but
like I'm gonna none of my close friends
wear underwear with their leggings in
order to avoid that issue so one thing
I'm not a huge fan of is the detailing
on the leg I think this is a little
for me to be honest like I'm not a huge
fan of like how holy it is I kind of
wish it was just normal I also don't
like that they got rid of the under the
butt contour I like that I think it
makes sure glutes look a little more
contoured and rounded I also think these
fit they fit me tighter than the other
seamless ones I'll show you so I have
the original seamless ones like the
version one of them in the legging as
well without like the paneling but they
still have like the same detail on the
ankles kind of like they had those holes
on the ankle but not in the quads but
these are thinner material not as
compression II as every single person I
said about the gym shark leggings but I
have noticed this is like my fourth time
wearing the lilac ones and almost my
fifth time wearing the red ones and they
are less compression II as time goes on
when I first got them they were pretty
tight I watched like Robin Gallants
video and she had to like put them on
like like you would tights like barely
roll them up her body but I really
didn't have an issue with these leggings
like getting them on also when I first
got these leggings in November first
week in November the minute I put them
on they're super tight and like this
seam in the crotch is so tight when I
like squatted down I felt like I was
gonna like rip out of them I was like
well maybe I should have gotten a small
but my friend Gracie has small and she
said they're too big so when I got these
I was actually really surprised that
like when I do that it's like this seam
the seam isn't as tight in a good way
like the seam that's in the crotch like
right in the back like matches how
compression II the pants are if that
makes sense like for these they're not
super super tight they're a little more
forgiving but the seam in the
crotch is like with ten times tighter
than the rest of the pant if that makes
sense so it just like didn't really
didn't really make sense
I also get really nervous with my Jim
shark leggings I have some of the Flex
leggings and when I have like fake nails
or acrylics and if I like pull up on my
leggings literally my finger will go
like right through it so obviously like
be super cautious of that like if you're
someone that like I'm always tugging up
at my leggings so that's just something
to be wary of like with Jim shark
leggings almost every single pair of my
flax leggings has a hole right there
like in the sides where my nails hit
also a lot of people don't like that the
waistband like obviously it comes up and
it like cinches you in a little bit but
it kind of like cuts your butt off like
it's down here and my butt stops like
right here but if this were to be higher
up it would kind of push it would push
your love handles out so I do feel like
it's in a good spot it does kind of you
know come down on your butt like a
little bit a little bit too soon kind of
flattens like the top of your butt out
but I would prefer to have my butt
flattened out just a little bit they
don't like have my like any love handles
I have like be pushed out even more like
I don't want that so that's really
everything I can think of in terms of my
experience with them I'll go ahead and
show you the beat ones and then kind of
talk about those a little bit but I just
want to make this kind of casual because
I don't know there are just things I can
think up off the top of my head but I
like about them and if you want to order
them hopefully this is helpful I don't
know so I did say that the sports bra
ended up making it through the dryer and
it did kind of like tighten up just a
little bit and I was getting on it
seemed a little bit tight and also the
darker color is tighter so I don't know
if that's because there's more dye in
the fabric so if it's a lot tighter but
then again like these gray ones are like
not very tight at all but I didn't have
the light blue ones to compare them to
so I don't know but I have heard a lot
of people say that if you're gonna size
up do it in the black ones because the
black ones are super tight I've heard a
lot of people say that and I have found
the beet colored ones to be tighter than
the
lilac those are the only two colors I
own and like this new set but overall I
like it a lot I also really like the
fact that they actually touch my ankles
I know a lot of people have a problem
with Jim shark leggings being too long I
see a lot of people roll their flap
leggings like if they're short but I'm
5-2 and about 112 ish pounds and the
extra smallest fit me perfectly they hit
me like right at the bottom of my leg
like barely any barely any of my ankle
shows and I have a huge problem finding
finding leggings that go all the way
down my leg any pair that I have from
Lululemon kind of goes like right above
my ankle and out like that so it's super
hard for me to find leggings that go all
the way down and these do that they fit
me just right we can test if there's
squat proof or not
but they're pretty much the same as the
lilac ones like I said $58 for the
leggings and I want to say like 38 for
the sports bras I think that's pretty
reasonably priced kind of crazy for a
sports wear if you ask me just because
that's like Lululemon range in terms of
price what else what else what else I'm
trying to think about the things people
would want to know about them we talked
about spot proof talked about price Oh
for reference I told you my weight my
height but I am like borderline between
a two and four and Lululemon it kind of
just depends on the legging like the
aligned pants I'm a - for sure some
wonder under Samba - but some stuff like
the all the right places pant I'm a four
and some other shorts I've size up to a
four because I tend to be like tight at
the quad but anyway that's really all I
can think of I didn't tell you
everything I have from Jim shark is an
extra small all the tops I have I only
have like one top from there no I have
three tops from there I have a couple
tank tops early from last year have
jackets all that I purchased with my own
money I've literally never had contact
with a single person that is represented
by Jim shark nor have I ever contacted
Jim shark at all myself I don't expect
to ever be sponsored by them or like
really necessarily anyone because I
don't know I like being able to wear it
all and I feel like unless it was a
company that I just like was in love
with 100% and like I mean Jim shark is
one company that I that I probably would
because I really do feel like for the
price like they are one of the best out
there
I mean Lululemon is like amazing quality
you really really can't beat it and then
there's a couple other brands out there
that are very like fashion forward like
Petula that I really really like but
they still have some some work to do in
terms of like the quality of of their
leggings before I'm comfortable you know
like representing a $60 legging unless
it's like really good quality but anyway
hopefully this video has been helpful
if you guys have any questions obviously
let me know in the comments below and
I'm sorry for just being like pale AF
and like having horrible posture during
this video cuz I don't like seeing than
I like sitting like this also I can't
tell it like I feel like my face is just
so much darker than the rest of my body
shag
I don't self tan anyway so that's pretty
much it that's pretty much all I can
think of in terms of the seamless
leggings I know this is kind of like all
over the place and honestly just like my
opinion about everything so hopefully
this was helpful to you guys and I'm
gonna go if you like this video give it
a thumbs up and subscribe and I will
catch you guys in the next video bye
guys